
George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three full campuses in downtown Toronto (Ontario, Canada). Like many other colleges in Ontario, GBC was chartered in 1966 by the government of Ontario and opened the next year.
George Brown offers a wide variety of programs in art and design, business, community services, early childhood education, construction and engineering technologies, health sciences, hospitality and culinary arts, preparatory studies, as well as specialized programs and services for recent immigrants and international students.

The college offers 35 diploma programs, 31 advanced diploma programs as well as eight degree programs, one in conjunction with Ryerson University. The college offers the following degrees:

Bachelor of Interpretation – American Sign Language – English [1]
Bachelor of Applied Arts – Early Childhood Leadership
Early Childhood Education (Consecutive Diploma/Degree)
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Bachelor of Commerce – Financial Services
Bachelor of Commerce – Culinary Management
Bachelor of Applied Business – Hospitality Operations
Bachelor of Technology – Construction Management [2]
An additional 27 certificate programs, five pre-college programs, 10 apprentice programs, and 28 graduate certificate programs round out the college's full-time offering. There are 193 continuing education certificates/designations available.

Currently, there are about 25,888 full-time students, including 3,553 international students, as well as 3,729 part-time students and 62,840 continuing education students.

George Brown has 15,000 distance education students studying in over 35 countries. The most popular distance education program offered by the college is its award-winning[3] Electronics Technician distance education program, developed by Dr. Colin Simpson.

In 2012, George Brown was named one of the Greater Toronto's Top Employers.

In 2014, George Brown College has been ranked the third-best research college in the country, climbing 19 spots in the rankings from the previous year. Research Infosource, which publishes annual rankings reports on research and development at institutions across Canada, released the results for the top 50 colleges on Oct. 22, 2014. George Brown led 16 Ontario colleges "by attracting $9.3 million of research funding" in the 2013 fiscal year

Referenced from   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Brown_College
